Fix GNU Cubed Sphere Factory Bug (#1461)
GEOS-ESM/MAPL: CHANGELOG.md

### Deprecated

## [2.19.2] - 2022-03-28

### Fixed

> - Fixed GNU bug when defining file metadata in cubed-sphere grid factory (similar to Issue #1433 and its solution)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Provided workaround for  GNU bug when defining file metadata in cubed-sphere grid factory (similar to Issue #1433 and its solution)
```
